#summary Privacy Policy Template

= Introduction =

Privacy Policy Template


= Details =

English Version

Privacy Policy Template
What information do we collect?

We collect information from you when you send us an error report from SOFTWARE NAME program.

The information includes:

    * Crash description XML file containing the basic information about the crash
    * Crash minidump file which contains technical information about exception in the SOFTWARE NAME program
    * Desktop screenshot image file in PNG format containing the image of the application window or the image of the whole desktop
    * If your software adds other files (for example, logs), specify them here 

You may be asked to enter your e-mail address and short problem description. This information is also included into the crash description XML.
What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

    * To improve the SOFTWARE NAME software (we continually strive to improve our software based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
    * If you use the information for other purposes, specify them here 

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent

By sending the error report, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION 


中文版本
							隐私保护条款

隐私权是您的重要权利。向我们提供您的个人信息是基于对我们的信任，相信我们会负责的态度对待您的个人信息。我们认为您提供的信息只能用于帮助我们为您提供更好的服务。因此，我们制定了【公司名】个人信息保密制度以保护您的个人信息。我们的个人信息保密制度摘要如下：

我们收集哪些信息?
当您发送给我们【产品名】的错误报告时，我们收集了以下信息：

1，用户描述崩溃的XML文件，其中包含该次崩溃的基本信息。

2，崩溃转储文件，其中包含【产品名】软件所出现异常的技术信息。

3，一张PNG格式的桌面截图文件，包含应用程序截图或者是整个桌面的截图。

4,【产品名】运行的日志文件。


您可能会被要求输入您的电子邮箱地址，以及出错情形的简单描述。而这些也将被添加到崩溃描述文件中(XML格式)。

我们收集这些信息用于何处?

我们从用户中收集的任何信息，将只用于以下用途：
改进【产品名】软件（我们基于从用户中收集到的信息和反馈，不断改进我们的软件。）

我们是否向任何第三方泄露所收集的信息?
我们不会把您的任何个人信息提供给无关的第三方（包括公司或个人）。这并不包含可信任的第三方，只要其能确保信息的机密性。然而，所搜集的无关个人身份的信息，可能会提供给其他
第三方组织，已用于市场营销，广告或其它用途。
当您发送软件错误报告，说明您已经接受我们以上的隐私保护条款。

隐私保护条款的变更
如果我们决定更改我们的隐私保护条款，我们将把变更的内容放置在本页上。

联系我们
关于本隐私保护条款，如果有任何问题，请按以下方式联系我们
dummy@dummy.com